Hello!
Today we are going to walk through the parts and functionality included in this personal project.
The stack for this project is comprised of HTML,Javascript and CSS and is deployed through the Heroku platform 
and uses Circleci as a continuous integration software.
This project is a simple web browser that includes topics touched on through the duration of this course including get, 
and post requests, axios, html forms and buttons, importing express, package.jsons, node modules, and javascript functions and loops.
The web browser is easily navigated to by the following link provided by heroku "..."
Users will first view the landing page which includes 5 navigation options: visited, unvisited, bucket-list, stories, and gallery.

The visited page will take users to a slide show of images that will rotate through as determined by a "carousel" function. These images
also have a hover function that provides simple details including the location, popular tourist activities, and a brief personal experience in these locations.

The unvisited page will allow users to view images that are automated to scale to the full screen of different devices and also have a hover function
that provides a few details about the locations including place, things to do, and why or what the objective  of traveling there would be.

The bucket-list page will allow users to fill out a form/ personality quiz to determine a recommended travel destination for them to add to their 
bucket-lists. Users will fill out various input fields including text, mail, and radio buttons and submit their forms.The information is process and 
run through a function based on the combination and presence of different answers to determine the correct response.

The stories page is a simple attempt to resemble a blog page where image and text are aligned using css imported into an html file as another way 
to practice styling to display stories with a heading and text with a related picture.

The gallery page is a demonstration of aligning pictures that were imported through a local device using paths and express.static to 
use non url sources photos and display a brief image description below that also displays borders on a mouseover function.

Overall this project displays various skills and implements different properties that were taught through the foundations 8 week course
and can be summarized by a brief description of what it contains: creating servers, front end and backends with functionality and automated testing all
deployed through a third party software.


Thank you!

